Brooklyn cater Brooklyn I said that he
was going to fight a smart fight fox fox
use his jab if he hasn't step it up he
was going to come forward and that his
hands go and he showed up the death or
what I do szkoly can you pull my back in
Israel I don't even say don't take a
bold boy 19 o mighty mine you can tell a
bash every brown oh ok yo is a cowboy
piece Peraza when I'm I'm happy you know
i'm looking forward to big fights I want
the winner of next week so that bitch
has a traveler my opinion if I
photographer wants to me I don't believe
I she lost a fight baby to the title the
game and so he's defended so and I got a
shot at my hotel back so starters I
would definitely are leaps in a winter
that fight when I working it hopefully
these teachers out before you know but
uh and i usually at a loss for words but
i don't know what else up how much water
is to say you know this wasn't a real
trash-talking kind of promotion so you
know it was a it was good to get the win
but at the same time it was a it was
bittersweet because you know as a
beautiful together
up to four a lot of years you have many
boxing euros grown up you know people
that you look up to on the way up you
know you know you have your peers you
have what we see in the gym you know you
have canoe Jones in there used to kick
my ass Saturday Lisa's gym when I first
started you know but you know God like
that you know you will you always look
up the older and other statesman and so
that was you know he's still active
obviously we had to fight that you still
why the other states I'm gonna look up
to so the one was bittersweet but it was
good it felt if you get the Wayne
thought the dough in the bottom of
Brooklyn and if I could have these
bragging rights and are lots of big
bigger better things you know that's it
so what did you think about oh I didn't
I think here the cool cars I didn't even
oh oh I mean how do you get this I'll
get you could get this one wrong I mean
oh you know I think it was pretty clear
i won the fight so I I mean holiday the
bona fide was cold you know so you know
I mean best of all i wanted i mean if
you couldna score this fight for me than
you you you you need to be walking over
those canes with a red kite the red
color on you ok love justice to this way
if you don't get a shot to when you know
go back against the winner of the fight
between Adrienne and made out of next
week what you have a very deep weight
class all the way for most many of the
top fighters not division fort worth out
tonight there's other guys what would
you do if you can't get that way well
the principal's money come on I just uh
you know i wanna i want the bonus that
bring big fights and but it's a table i
don't know i mean the wall the way you
said you saw the welterweight division
is pretty stacked so you know there's a
lot of big names with a lot of potential
there you know I'm one in the book you
can make some match the logo in Division
take a lot of money you know I think
it's probably the most counts tag
division and boxing right now so you
know I mean fine personal preference is
the winner of the Brahma Madonna fight
book you know we get a big fight or a
title fight or a big money fight I will
become I in you and I got the team line
you know so you know now that I'm fully
back willing to fight again you have to
bona fide I wasn't i wasn't really
convince i want to do this again yell i
told my guys you know i'm not sure i'm
gonna fight again so now we'll win like
this obviously you kind of full steam
ahead and though I'm looking see who's
out there ball to a division who thinks
it makes a match wit enough make some
money and continue to you know show that
i'm still a world-class fighter even at
my agent